[OSDOCS-11001]: Moving IBM Z docs for HCP (#81324)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-ibmz-dns.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-deploy/hcp-deploy-ibmz.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="hcp-ibmz-dns_{context}"]
= DNS configuration for {hcp} on {ibm-z-title}

> The API server for the hosted cluster is exposed as a 'NodePort' service. A DNS entry must exist for the `api.<hosted_cluster_name>.<base_domain>` that points to the destination where the API server is reachable.

Reviewer: Think this might should be:
```suggestion
The API server for the hosted cluster is exposed as a `NodePort` service type. A DNS entry must exist for the `api.<hosted_cluster_name>.<base_domain>` that points to the destination where the API server is reachable.
```
At least the markup.

Author: Good catch!

The DNS entry can be as simple as a record that points to one of the nodes in the managed cluster that is running the hosted control plane.

The entry can also point to a load balancer deployed to redirect incoming traffic to the Ingress pods.

See the following example of a DNS configuration:

[source,terminal]
----

> $ cat /var/named/<example.krnl.es.zone>

Reviewer: This style of user-replaceable is a bit non-standards (e.g., has periods and actual example-ish values).

Author: Point taken. This text came from a writer at IBM. I can check in with her to try to get a more standard example.
